welcome to The Daily app show iphone
edition today we're going to take a look
at texas poker texas poker is a very fun
interactive poker game that you can play
online against other people real life
people so right from the screen here we
would have our friends list of people
that are online looks like none of my
friends are online I can get chips
really easily if I run out of chips so
that I can come in here and purchase
more so let's say I wanted to purchase a
DK it would give me an in-app option to
do that and I could purchase those chips
so let's go back I can go into the lobby
and I could look for desks so I've got
different games that are going on and
average information about these
different games and I are different
hands and I can join in on so perhaps
let's just go ahead and double tap now
down here i selected double tap and join
that game there we go so now i am in on
this game and i can choose to sit let's
go ahead and do that i'll go ahead and
buy into this game and so now i have to
wait for this game to end and then I can
start to play so while I'm in this game
I can tap on a user and find out what
level player they are I can add them as
a friend if I would like there's a chat
feature right here I can go ahead and
start chatting with the others I have my
guide right here and i have my menu
right here i can invite friends i could
stand up and leave i can go back to the
lobby or go to the main menu
so I'm just going to go ahead and play
now and jump into a game you can see I'm
right in there with an open hand of with
I join the game with a thousand dollars
so the games typically move pretty
quickly now you can see it gives me the
option to call or raise i'm going to go
ahead and call and if I know what I want
to do in the game isn't moving very
quickly I can always check one of those
boxes down here i'll just hit check this
time so when it comes around to my turn
automatically made my selection let's go
ahead and call for ten and i don't
really have much of anything here my
phone will vibrate if i'm taking my
sweet time because i have to make a
choice in a certain amount of time let's
go ahead and check
it looks like it's just me and that guy
everybody else is folded I don't really
have anything here in my hand I probably
should just fold go ahead and do that he
goes ahead and winds and the next round
starts so i got a pair that's off to a
good start
now what do I what I appreciate about
this game over other games that are
similar to it is the ease of this game
of course it's easy to play but it's
really easy to go ahead and select
people and friends them find out more
information about them it's very easy in
that aspect these other games you've got
to have ID numbers and all this other
stuff and so far in this game it's made
it relatively easy for me to communicate
with people add them as friends so that
I could play with them later alright so
I'm going to go ahead and go back to the
main menu now if I had added friends
they'd show up here let's tap on my
information it shows my level how many
games I played and my percentage of game
winnings I can tap on my profile here
view all of my friends here so you could
see my friends and then I can also view
the help right here as well so this game
very fun very easy to use texas poker is
a great poker experience recommend that
you check it out go ahead and get it in
the app store today